MVC -> Model View Controller 
We will take the analogy of a restaurant
Cafe -> Waiter (validation) -> Chef -> Pantry/Fridge
UI (Frontend) -> Controller (Validation mapping) -> Service layer (Handles business logic, is analogous to chef) -> DAO / Repo layer (To perform CRUD operation on dB)
Helps with loose coupling

How does requests get handled in spring?
/products api should be redirected to the products controller
/user should be redirected to the user controller
Inside SpringBoot we have a component called the dispatcher servlet
request -> dispatcher servlet (orchestrator of our requests) -> mapping handler (Redirects the apis to the relevant controller)
mapping handler directs the api to the relevant controller and then it also verifies if we have a method that suits the arguments provided 
in the api end point.
Once the mapping handler returns the controller and the method relevant to the api request made, the dispatcher servlet uses the controller and 
the method and the DAO service to retrieve and return the data to the dispatcher servlet.
The dispatcher servlet passes the response onto a view resolver, which has stored the relevant status code for each api response. It has a view 
associated to each status code.
Once the view resolver returns the view, the dispatcher servlet invokes that flow and then it is returned by the dispatcher servlet.

LLD of a product catalog service
We will need a product and a category model. While developing code, always start with the models and then follow it up with the 
controller.
We have to use a decorator @RestController to register the controller as a spring component. @COntroller would also work, 
but that would mean the return type from the apis are html json etc, but since we are working with REST apis the return type 
would mostly be json, so we use @RestController

Spring Bean is an object having singleton scope in spring framework. This object will be stored in spring context and wherever requried it 
returns the reference of this object.