1. git clone <git_url>
Clones the repository onto the described location

2. git add .
Addes the files to the present commit session, the '.' adds al the files to be committed, 
optionally instead of '.' we can use certain file names also to commit only those file names.

3. git commit -m "<commit message>"
Once we have added the files required to be committed, we can commit those changes with a commit 
message

4. git push -u origin <branch_name>
Once we have committed the changes, we can push it to whichever branch we need the changes to be pushed 
into.

5. git branch <branch_name>
Creates a new branch which is based on the current branch we are curently in. If we give git branch, 
it will list the branches of the repo and the current working repo.

6. git checkout <branch_name>
This is used to navigate to a branch which we created previously.

7. git checkout -b <branch_name>
This is used to navigate to a new branch, and if the branch name does not exist, it creates a new branch 
with that name and then uses the same branch.

Even when a git repo is created as public, it does not mean that anyone can contribute to the repository.
for contributing we require the permission from the author of the repository. We can perform fork, which 
creates a copy of all the contents to our personal github repo. In this repo we can add, remove functionality 
and check the working.

We can add something like .gitignore file which can be used to include the names of the files like 
sensitive info file, so that they are not pushed to the repo, even when pushed.

8. git status
Shows all the changed, deleted and added files. Also shows the files which are staged. (added)

9. git restore --staged .
It undoes all the staging which we previously did. We can replace the '.' with the file name we need to remove 
the particular file from staging.

10. git log
Lists the commits which we performed.

Once we make the changes in a seperate branch we can push the changes to remote from local by setting the 
upstream to the new repo. From this new branched repo we can created a pull request to the main branch by adding the 
necessary details. Once the necessary details are added, we can delete the newly created branch. This deletion 
will only occur in the remote and locally we will still be able to access the branch.